I have moved on from full "nueromorhism" to using it subtly in different places. We need to have a deeper conversation with Isa. Right now I am wasting a lot of my time on design. I should only be working on what Isa has designed and what I approve.

Nueromorphism is:
It is hyper realistic causing components to look quite 3d, very similar as to what you would see in something like spline.design.

The reasons I am leaning towards this design language: 1) It represents a shift from popular trends thus can look distinctive in the over-populated sector of internet designs. 2) It provides a sense of depth to the page that can allow the user to quickly differentiate between 402 components and the page below them. 3) It future-proofs the design to account for modern trends that are pushing to more 3D designs on the internet with tools like spline.design, WebGl, and canvas rendering in general. It also may allow for an easier transistion to AR and VR views that are seemingly (but very slowly) becoming main stream

There are some downsides to this design: 1) It is harder to get right. If the shadows are not perfectly right both around the object and below it, people may end up feeling uncomfortable instead of at ease. 2) It is much harder to get contrast with this design. I think I have figured a away around this issue already, but it is still something to constantly think about. 3) Apparenentely (from online blog posts I have read), nueromorphic design is not the most accessible as it may occasionally encourage bad css and html practices. As long as I am careful though, this should be fine.
